alright ladies and gentlemen we're gonna
see if we can make the magic happen
round tail abyssal reef round two I'm
gonna see if I can make it happen and
and not I believe and not miss click
this time would be nice yeah I mean you
through pretty hard I mean he had he had
a stack er me but I obviously if you
would have been known behind those lips
with your mothership close yeah you
wouldn't have died you doing good it's
all good I get another break you do we
got $15 donation during that little
break there you do the kids did the kids
do I didn't get nothing you get anything
not today not today all for the kids
today it's all for them kids tomorrow
though
yes tomorrow it's Sunday different story
different story and I haven't done the
stream in two days my sister is in town
so we went saw that movie jigsaw last
night you know like the tenth Saw movie
oh yes
Psalm 57 pretty bad yeah pretty bad not
quite as bad as the conditions that some
kids are living in not even where they
need clean water they need shelter even
for food
education and just basically all the
things that we just have on a regular
basis and and granted for it oh
absolutely
oh hey I want a I'm not gonna lie
some of these things I definitely don't
appreciate the way I should I'm sitting
at a sushi bar and I'm waiting 15
minutes of my sushi I get salty you
don't want to wait around to since the
first world problems but you know what
you're definitely there's kids out there
that they've never even tasted sushi
that's a problem that my friends we need
to solve that problem well we can solve
it by donating to the cause link is in
the description below not saying they're
gonna get sushi but you know what rice
sounds pretty good beans
maybe some water make it work really
don't need to be no smart water but hey
just something clean sounds pretty good
give me shelter get her done get er done
let's wait for I'm behind on mine I'm
having the opposite problem
[Music]
but the the spacebar on this keyboard is
incredibly sensitive very sensitive like
it's taking me by surprise I'd make a
joke right now but we're doing a
sponsored extreme yes through World
Vision of all things so I'm not gonna go
ahead and make that joke but use your
money make it happen in your own mind
that's dangerous that's a dangerous
all right so I have no idea what I'm up
against yet
this should be chrono yesterday yup the
way you do it though that's unfortunate
you're doing good gonna mop out a couple
of stalkers before that chrono it's done
I need to we don't want to get lagging
behind in that regard we've got the
pylon up here I'm gonna see if I can get
a little bit no he stole on one base
mm-hmm what the heck is this er doing
research like we're gonna get ready to
go I like it he's doing a little bit of
Russian he's not just letting the
computer come to him no he's going to
the computer exactly happen get that
back on there get these in here since
they need to be on there forever ago
give me a robo yesterday
[Music]
fine be that guy be that guy
all right program still going this is
good up there okay must be expanding now
gotta be expended
oh yeah the AI is going easy on you
scouting info don't know expansion no
expansion oh my goodness no oh no oh why
did he back off whoa dude do not contest
that I don't plan on it I am going back
yes he just donated you all those units
cuz they were dead everyone of all my
ward so he's gonna try it all in you yes
so centuries is a good life choice all
morals are good against soaking up
failings I'm gonna be a little rough
and with this keyboard oh you're done
looking for Adam to throw a second time
yeah it's a very good he's in you need
to force field or guardian why did that
Oh let you quite see you quite literally
I press B you literally did nothing you
actually stood there I proceeded and I
even had a press - you thought it
happened losing a whole fate we get to
the - I was gonna throw again it's
inevitable he's getting fancy with
hotkeys it can't click a button for the
life of them I could watch you play all
day I could watch you play all day feel
like you're in the minority on that one
oh no I'm not I'm the majority oh now
we've got some roaches out there
you're probably just gonna flat out win
right here he was like all in with an
attack pay attention
I think we might I think we might have a
winner Oh with your turn I think we
might have a winner
I don't after a mortal nice micro
that's game all right oh that's game
does not have enough
please and thank you Roach Warren is
about to go down sitting on 2,000
mineral and it wasn't pretty but it had
wasn't brewed he got the job done we got
the job done
he's messing you up with that brood lane
just like an immortal just sitting here
sorry you got some zealots
three notes and Zuri ways Oh another
Hydra pops oh that pipe is hitting Ratan
now okay
oh my goodness dude you're losing the
brood lame-o just so stoppeth does that
be over to stop the magic just be over
oh the struggles all the shrugs
I think he's ready to play online no
mister no no he's not
[Music]
anymore to get some more units now
you've got an opportunity of a mobile
he dead now boys Adam did it holy crap
yeah I'll be struggle is beyond real
I'm not sure you beat a brutal AI atom
I'm not sure it would be close if it'd
be close I think it would be less than
there's the GG top right to accept it he
beats the AI road to bronze Lee coming
soon theater near you there you go there
it is
ladies and gentlemen once again uh Wow I
think that's I think that's worth a
donation from YouTube I think it's worth
that was that was that even hurt me
i'ma be honest I only thought for about
the first three minutes of that and then
I just went brain-dead for the rest of
it I just brain I didn't try to build
any more structures I didn't I just just
wanted to end but hey we got it we got
the win for the kids this is the most
Starcraft played in like seven years
wrong time long time
Oh see these gentlemen there you go
there you have it you can you can now
enjoy yourselves watching me struggle
and until the next cast for the kids
peace